There are a couple of things that need to be done
1. In add product - 
	a. Once a product is saved the page should refresh. SAved entries should not be visible
	b. The page should give ability to add rows to enter more products and then bulk save multiple rows
	c. Ability to upload an excel(csv) with data which then is seen on the add products grid and can be bulk saved
	d. Ability to upload an image of a handwritten product and other details, which is read via ocr and seen as rows on add product page to bulk save. This is a nice to have.
	e. Pagination
	
2. Have a Customer table that holds name, id, address, contact name, phone, gst number, PAN number. This id should be referenced in invoice table.
	a. Add customer page
	b. Upload csv to add customers
	c. Upload image of handwritten customer details, which is then viewed on add customer page and then saved
	d. Update customer page
	e. Delete customer page
	
3. RecordSales page
	a. Grid to record multiple sales to a customer
	b. Ability to select existing customer from a drop down or if new customer, then enter name of customer which gets saved in Customer table. Other details can be updated later.
	
4. Restock page
	a. Grid to enter and save multiple records in a go.

5. General UIX
	a. The UI is pretty rudimentary. We need a very professional UIX. You are a UI engineer with 10+ years of experience. Can you work on providing
	a UIX on this product that is similar to shopify or zoho.
	b. The side bar is at the top right now, not on the side.

6. The system is tightly coupled with supabase. Can we modularize it so that supabase can be replaced with any database which we find cost-effective at that point in time	.

The whole user access permission design needs to be looked at. 
1. A user can have different pre-defined roles {admin, branch (can view only branch level data), super-user (can view multi-branch data)}
2. The user then belongs to groups. A group can perform only those functions that are configured for the group. Eg. (view, add, delete, update). Need to figure out how various departments in an org. fit in.
3. Group should be able to access only those reports taht are configured for it.
4. Any suggestions. LEts nail the design then refactor the code.
